Implement configurable native size/time log rotation & deletion (#189)
lightningdevkit/ldk-server: docs/configuration.md

### `[log]`

Controls logging behavior. By default, `log_to_file` is `false` and logs are written 
to `stdout`/`stderr`.

If `log_to_file` is enabled, the server performs internal rotation and retention 
based on `max_size_mb`, `rotation_interval_hours`, and `max_files`. The server still 

> reopens the log file on `SIGHUP` for compatibility with external tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `log_to_file` is enabled, the server performs internal rotation and retention 
based on `max_size_mb`, `rotation_interval_hours`, and `max_files`. The server will 
also reopen the log file on `SIGHUP` for compatibility with external tools like `logrotate`.
```

> also reopen the log file on `SIGHUP` for compatibility with external tools like `logrotate`.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, it seems we're now no longer compatible with `logrotate`, but rather rotate ourselves when `log_to_file` is configured? I guess that's fine, but we might want to update docs here and elsewhere?

Author: > it seems we're now no longer compatible with `logrotate`

We still are, I added that back in [42cd66a](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/ldk-server/commit/42cd66a4d2e6838f4c2b643e81a266bbe4ccca8d).

> but rather rotate ourselves when log_to_file is configured?

Yes, we rotate ourselves when `log_to_file` is configured, but also have the `SIGHUP` signal handler for users relying on `logrotate`

Reviewer 2: But how would the user disable our internal log rotation if they use `logrotate` themselves?

Author: Thanks for the catch. Addressed this in the fixup to decouple our internal log rotation from the `SIGHUP` signal handler for users relying on `logrotate`.

### `[log]`

Controls logging behavior. By default, `log_to_file` is `true` and logs are also written 
to `stdout`/`stderr`.

> If `log_to_file` is enabled, the server performs internal rotation and retention 

Reviewer: Same here, can copy the sentence structure above
